AML Demos [16572] (#60)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_docs/rst/demo/workload_distribution.rst

Computing Node
--------------

This node simulates a :ref:`user_manual_nodes_computing`.
It does not use real *AML Jobs*, but strings.
It does not have a real *AML Engine* but instead the calculation is an *upper-case* conversion of the string received.
It is implemented in |cpp| using :code:`amlip_cpp` API.

To run it, one integer argument is required. This will be the number of jobs this Node will answer
before finish execution and be destroyed.

Installation
============

First of all, check that :code:`amlip_demo_nodes` sub-package is correctly installed.
If it is not, please refer to :ref:`developer_manual_installation_sources_linux_colcon_demos`.

Run demo
========

The demo that is presented here follows the schema of the figure below:

.. figure:: /rst/figures/workload_distribution_basic_demo.png

Run Main Node
-------------

Run the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    # Source colcon installation
    source install/setup.bash

    # To execute Main Node to send 2 jobs
    python3 ./install/amlip_demo_nodes/bin/main_node.py first_job "second job"

Take into account that this node will wait until there are *Computing Nodes* running and available

> in the same :term:`LAN` in order to solve the jobs.

Reviewer: The output is not the same until user runs second node. Maybe it can be explained deepely.

.. include:: ../exports/alias.include

.. _demo_workload_distribution:

##########################
Workload Distribution Demo
##########################

This demonstrator shows how to implement 2 kind of nodes:
:ref:`user_manual_nodes_computing` and :ref:`user_manual_nodes_main`.
With these 2 nodes implemented, the user can deploy as many nodes of each kind as desired and check the
behavior of a simulated |amlip| network running.
They are implemented one in Python and one in C++ to demonstrate as well how to instantiate each kind of node

> with different :term:`APIs <API>`, and to probe the communication between the 2 implementations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with different :term:`APIs <API>`, and to prove the communication between the 2 implementations.
```

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this.

1 and 5 seconds in doing so.

Main Node
---------

This node simulates a :ref:`user_manual_nodes_main`.
It does not use real *AML Jobs*, but strings.
It is implemented in |python| using :code:`amlip_py` API.
There are 2 different ways to run it, an automatic one and a manual one:

Automatic version
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In this version, the python executable expects input arguments.
For each argument, it will convert it to a string (:code:`str`) and send it as a *Job*.
Once the arguments run out, it will finish execution and destroy the Node.

Manual version
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In this version the python program expects to receive keyboard input.
For each keyboard input received, it will convert it to a string (:code:`str`) and send it as a *Job*.
When empty string given, it will finish execution and destroy the Node.

Computing Node
--------------

This node simulates a :ref:`user_manual_nodes_computing`.
It does not use real *AML Jobs*, but strings.
It does not have a real *AML Engine* but instead the calculation is an *upper-case* conversion of the string received.
It is implemented in |cpp| using :code:`amlip_cpp` API.

> To run it, one integer argument is required. This will be the number of jobs this Node will answer
> before finish execution and be destroyed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run it, one integer argument is required. This will be the number of jobs this Node will answer to
before finishing its execution and being destroyed.
```
